'In the criminal justice system,
'sexually based offences
are considered especially heinous.
'In New York City, the detectives
who investigate these vicious felonies
'are members of an elite squad
known as the Special Victims Unit.
'These are their stories.'
I'm Sarah Logan.
You've seen me interviewing other people.
I'm not comfortable in the first person,
but here goes.
On January 11th,
I interviewed a refugee from East Timor.
It ran past midnight. I was only
nine blocks from home, so I walked.
'My trip home took me
past this swimming pool.
'This is where two men grabbed me
from behind and raped me.
'They put a coat over my face
and dragged me here.
'They said they'd kill me if I made a sound.
'One wore a running suit,
the other had an eye tattooed on his wrist
'and he smelled of clove cigarettes.
'For 12 weeks, some of New York's finest
have worked on my case.
'In spite of their hard work,
they've had no luck finding either man.
'Maybe you know them. I was attacked and
I am going to fight back. I'm Sarah Logan.'
Operator.
No, no, sweetheart.
This is no time for a phone call.
Mark Krieger, a car parts rep.
We met a couple of times for drinks.
- Where?
- Hotel bar. It was a stupid fling.
- Little did I know.
- Did he force you?
- He scared the crap outta me.
- Is that a yes?
I don't wanna press charges.
I just wanted to help.
OK, so, give us the key.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Mark Krieger?
- What?
You're under arrest for rape.
You have the right...
- I know. The right to remain silent.
- To an attorney.
And the damn city has to pay for it,
cos I'm flat-ass broke. Excuse me.
The night we get a call about these pukes,
I'm at a lecture.
- Tell me about Krieger.
- He works construction.
Priors include possession, assaults,
bar fights mostly, kiting cheques.
From Queens, but told his date
he was a car-parts rep from Cleveland.
His date? How reliable is that?
Extremely. She knows she was close
to being a Mr Goodbar victim.
- He lawyered up, went silent.
- What did he feel like?
- What should he feel like?
- I always felt
- this was a rape of opportunity.
- They didn't know who Sarah was.
She's walking, they see her, grab her.
Since we have only one of two suspects,
the DA may have
to make out all the charges
against Krieger
and an unapprehended other.
Keep that in mind.
- Let Krieger lead us to the second guy.
- Try that later.
I wanna try to get the second rapist
before Krieger can warn him.
Which he'll do as soon as he's sober.
Get his phone and employment records,
credit card bills
- and we'll track down number two.
- Anyone tell Sarah we have a suspect?
No, she should hear it from you, John.
John! See my piece?
- I did. It was gutsy and eloquent.
- I'll put that on my epitaph.
'Here lies Sarah Logan,
gutsy and eloquent.'
- Letters of support?
- The response has been amazing.
- It gets better.
- You got them.
One of them. A woman saw your telecast
realised the guy in her bed
matched your description.
His own girlfriend turned him in?
'Girlfriend' suggests more than,
'Hi, let's go to my room.'
- Who is he?
- I'd give you details if I could.
- But?
- It'd endanger the line-up.
This is the man who raped me.
When can you tell me?
The minute this ugly pageant is over.
You remind me so much of my brother.
Well, all right, say this is the guy.
What does that mean? What next?
- We search the man's apartment.
- No, for me.
After the line-up,
we may not see him until court.
Everything we do has to anticipate
any possible defence.
The business side
of innocent till proven guilty.
- I wouldn't have it any other way.
- I didn't think you would.
Every collection agency's after this guy.
No bank accounts, no credit cards.
Has a fridge magnet
for a cheque-cashing place.
He works as often as he has to.
Being a rapist is a full-time job.
Pizza takeout, liquor store,
900-Me-So-Horny number.
Three shirts. Two pairs of pants.
No golf clubs, no fishing rods, no nothing.
But a man who clearly likes to smoke.
Maybe souvenirs from one-night stands
with out-of-towners.
Could be.
Every relationship short-term,
every friendship expendable.
How sentimental of us.
We assumed the rapists knew each other.
Maybe number two
was just someone he met.
The White Horse Saloon.
The Black Light. I'm getting all nostalgic.
- Are you joking?
- Well, sort of.
But in a really dark hotel bar,
anything's possible
- up until the seventh or eighth drink.
- Which was closest to the attack?
Uh... that would be Shad's Cabaret
at the Regal Inn.
- Classy.
- There is no Shad, no cabaret.
Just hard-drinking locals
and confused out-of-towners.
Let me know if anything's changed.
Called six contractors
who hardly remember Krieger.
A guy says he knows Krieger.
I said we were friends,
he said to come over.
- What trouble's Mark in?
- He's a suspect in a rape.
Oh.
'Oh'? Isn't that near to 'Gosh,'
or 'That's terrible?'
No, that guy's always in trouble.
Mark didn't know what he'd do
- until a second before he did it.
- Impulsive.
- How do you know him?
- Second cousins.
My mom explained it once.
I think his uncle married my great-aunt.
January 11th, he paged you twice.
Did you see him?
No. Last time I saw him was Labor Day.
The Monsters of Metal tour at the Garden.
- Did you know his friends?
- He didn't really make friends.
Relatives give you a chance
to associate with people
who you'd otherwise never hang out with.
Oh, yeah, that guy owes me 36 bucks.
Mark something. Just a second.
- You know him?
- Nah.
- You let him run a tab?
- He gave me a credit card.
But I ran the bill, so did he.
Here you go. Mark... Krieger, right?
- Was he here with someone?
- How would I know?
Well, the bill. 10 boilermakers on there,
either he drinks a lot or he's with a guy.
Five boilermakers
and five Long Island iced teas?
Maybe he's with a travelling businesswoman
with clouded judgment?
Sorry. Not an itemised bill.
- Got a date on that?
- On the receipt here. January 11th.
You just made my day.
Assistant DA Erika Alden, representing you.
- Who's he?
- Robert Sorenson. I'm his attorney.
- Even slimeballs get lawyers.
- Tell me how this works.
They can't see you, but you can see them.
If you need any man in the line-up
to do anything, tell me.
- I'll relay it to them.
- Take your time. If you don't know,
be sure you don't before giving up.
- No coaching.
- Ignore the twit in the suit.
Let's go. All the way to the end.
I didn't really get a good look at his face.
Ask them to roll up their sleeves.
Roll up your sleeves, please,
and turn your wrists out?
They all have the tattoo. Is this a trick?
We can only ask you
if you recognise any of the men.
It's number three.
Number three's the one who raped me.
Now I can tell you he's Mark Krieger,
a welder from Queens.
Some small-time convictions.
- Did you interrogate him?
- It was a little one-sided.
- He didn't say a word.
- Wait. What about the other guy?
We're still looking for him.
But we can still prosecute Krieger.
It makes a more complicated trial.
Isn't there some way to make Krieger talk?
We chained him to a radiator
and beat his feet.
Come on... I mean some legal manoeuvre.
Some deal?
- His lawyer won't let us talk to him.
- I wanna know who he was with.
- More importantly, I wanna know why.
- I deal with these guys every day.
- Mostly, THEY don't know why.
- There must be a reason.
Drug habit, abused as children,
a withholding mother. Something.
They're excuses rapists tell journalists
and judges once they're convicted.
They parrot psychobabble learned from TV.
- Doesn't make 'em what they are.
- What does?
I don't know, and I'm not going
to give you an easy answer.
These guys do it, we try to stop 'em.
- And that's the world, isn't it?
- I shouldn't've said that.
No. What you're saying is,
you may never find the second guy.
- True.
- And that I may never understand
- why they targeted me?
- Also true.
Well, you haven't soft-soaped me yet.
Don't start now, OK?
OK.
Three calls in two days
from One, Police Plaza
pointedly asking how her case is going.
We have DNA, a witness placing him
in the neighbourhood
and Logan, who'll be great on the stand.
But still no number two
after almost a month!
We showed mug shots to all of Krieger's
ex-colleagues, to his landlords,
at every bar that he ever
stole an ashtray from and no one bit.
Krieger didn't keep friends for long.
Nobody knew him.
So we don't know if his partner
is from Hoboken or Timbuktu.
- Any long shots?
- My Rikers source 'heard something'.
OK, I'll take it.
Your daughter's teacher will cut her
some slack. Maybe summer school.
- Principal's looking out for her.
- I appreciate it, man.
- It's OK. Let's talk about Krieger.
- Everybody knows who he is,
cos of that news lady. I hear, number one,
he didn't know it was her when he did it.
- And, two, he's scared he's going down.
- What about the other guy?
What I hear? The guy was already in Rikers.
On a DUI or shoplifting or some trifle, right?
Krieger finds him, tells him,
'Keep your mouth shut, I owe you one.'
- 'Talk, you're dead.'
- How'd you hear about this?
We were watching some tube
in the big room, her story came on.
- I heard some guys talking.
- This is what you're giving me?
Give me details, a name.
I wish I did, but I don't. All right?
And I like that news lady.
And Krieger... He's a waste of space.
Do you want everyone admitted on that day
or everyone who was in?
- Everyone.
- I have 16,000 detainees.
- Forget women and adolescents.
- Now you're down to 12,000.
- Tell me what you're looking for.
- He crossed paths with Mark Krieger.
Krieger. In the main population.
Want a list or a disk?
- How many names are we talking?
- 6,204.
Can we sort 'em by age or race or...?
- No.
- Disk.
Krieger's lawyer is pressing for a quick trial,
- hoping we're unprepared.
- It's open and shut.
- He'll try to make Sarah look flaky.
- Her story's solid.
- She never varies a detail.
- She said she was raped by two men.
We can only show the jury one.
She took an unusual route home
and Sorenson will insinuate
that it was more than just a nice walk.
- No semen from the second rapist.
- He used a condom.
I know. I'm just letting you know
how he'll defend his client.
- So...?
- Sarah's not ready for trial yet.
She trusts you.
Talk to her, let her know it'll get ugly.
Benson saw a similar case fall apart
last year. She knows what can happen.
- Ask her for help.
- Thanks.
The defence can no longer bring up
your sexual history.
- That's not allowed.
- They can allude to it.
If they can. They've no obligation
to explain what did or didn't happen.
They can muddy the waters enough
so jurors feel OK voting not guilty.
To generate confusion,
they'll try to beat you up on the stand.
- Like how?
- It's a rape case,
so they have to ask you
who put what where, when and how.
- Where were you, where was Krieger?
- Where was the other guy?
- How do you know it was Krieger?
- I get it. All right?
Just an idea of what it'll be like.
I understand. Is there anything else?
Answer as specifically
and with as much detail as possible.
Be direct. Don't use euphemisms,
say 'penis', say 'vagina', say 'intercourse'.
If these words
make you feel uncomfortable, call me,
call Munch, tell us the story over
and over until you feel comfortable.
If they think you're uncomfortable,
they'll go over the same thing
five different ways, just to see you sweat.
OK. So... what happens next week?
Pre-trial manoeuvring, jury selection.
Arcane, tedious proceedings
mostly concerning Krieger's rights.
Sarah, this could be ugly.
Not as ugly as what happened.
- Filing three motions at once?
- Four, Your Honour.
Questioning the arrest's constitutionality
and the DNA procedure.
- Moving for dismissal. That's three.
- You flipped right past it.
OK. Here it is.
'Motion to suppress the witness ID.'
Quite the ambitious defence.
Have the People got copies
of this paperwork blizzard?
- We just received them, Your Honour.
- The People are filing... one motion.
- What is this?
- To exclude press from the court.
- Simple enough.
- To preserve her exclusive?
- No, to preserve decorum.
- Your Honour,
the press's presence helps ensure
fairness in this high-profile case.
And you think more press
will lower the profile?
I'll balance that against the possibility
some counsellors want their names in print.
I'll rule tomorrow. Adjourned.
I didn't know he'd be here.
- Rights of the accused.
- Why challenge my identification?
- The line-up was fair.
- His only hope
is to prove the police and the victim
are incompetent.
- Is it always that way?
- He's playing games.
Usually he'd cop a plea
and get on with it. I don't get it.
It's me, isn't it? Just tell me.
You do bring attention to the case.
If Sorenson wins, everybody'll know.
Next time a millionaire kills his mistress...
So fight fire with fire. Come on my show.
We'll talk about this exact view.
I won't hold back from my audience.
- I have to check with Cragen.
- He cleared it. Be at my studio at seven.
- Wear a nice coat and tie.
- This is a nice coat and tie.
- Nervous, are you?
- Just concerned
that some legal and emotional
grey areas that inform my worldview
will get lost in sound bites.
Ooh! Your voice changes a tiny bit
when you're spinning. I know you.
Ask Alden. A woman's better
when the subject's rape.
- I want my viewers to see you.
- Or Jeffries or Benson.
If victims see you they may be
more likely to go the police.
I'm just a cop who caught the case.
You're not.
Please. Do I have to bribe you?
OK, fine. I will take you to dinner afterwards.
All right. Just don't say 'bribe'
to a cop in a crowded courthouse.
OK.
- Trying to find her.
- Where can she be?
Traffic. There's hellish gridlock
in her neighbourhood.
Who's this?
What?
- Tell me what happened!
- Captain says you can't go in.
- What happened?
- Please stay back.
- I'm goin' in.
- We need the area secured.
- I can do that.
- We don't need anybody else hurt!
- Who got hurt?
- I don't know.
- The ambulance is still here, why?
- We need to secure...
- I'm goin' in.
- The Captain says you can't.
- John... John.
- It's Sarah.
- But the ambulance is still here.
- John.
- When?
- Neighbours reported a single blast.
Bomb squad got the call at 6:46,
arrived on scene at 6:52.
- Six minutes?
- It wouldn't've mattered. I'm sorry.
- How did it happen?
- I think homemade black powder bomb.
Anarchist Cookbook crap,
concealed in a box of flowers.
My guess is she finds the flower box
outside, carries it inside with her.
- Flowers.
- Yeah.
She was by the window
when the blast occurred.
Her body blocked the shockwave from the
north side of the room.
It's... it's just pieces.
But I don't think she suffered much.
She suffered.
- I meant she was killed instantly.
- I know what you mean.
I saved those.
I thought you might want them.
- Great.
- How late did you stay on scene?
Late. Benson's still there, canvassing.
OK, what do you guys know?
My source says the second perp
may have been at Rikers
- the day Krieger was admitted.
- One of 6,000 men.
We've narrowed that down to 207 men,
right age and description
who were out on the street
when the rape occurred.
The theory is that the bomber is rapist two?
- Right.
- It changes the conception of the rape.
It makes number two the alpha male,
Krieger the sidekick.
So we can't link Krieger to the bomb.
Alden says Logan's testimony
can be admitted via Geraci.
We must suggest
Krieger masterminded the bombing.
By all accounts,
he couldn't mastermind a church picnic.
If he wasn't part of the bombing,
her statements are inadmissible
- and Krieger walks!
- OK, this is what we'll do.
Munch, Jeffries,
you pursue the rape case.
Elliot, you and Benson are on the bombing.
If it points to Krieger, tell Munch.
If it doesn't, keep it to yourself until
the trial is over. John, you got a minute?
Did you... reach the brother?
He listened and said,
'She's not coming back for the funeral.'
I see. You want some time off,
John, I understand.
No, I don't. But thanks.
OK.
The device was pretty simple,
packed into a soup can.
- A soup can?
- Extra-chunky chicken and noodle.
Amateurishly built,
held together with masking tape.
The explosive?
Chinese black powder
and a flammable liquid.
It went off when
she pulled the lid off the box?
No, it was by remote. A garage door
receiver was hooked to a detonator.
OK, so we got a soup can bomb
any moron can make,
yet he goes to the trouble
of putting a remote on it?
A first-timer?
Maybe a hired gun, eliminate a witness?
No. He's doing a lot more
than eliminating a witness.
- I'm not following.
- Look at the risk he took.
He used a bomb, not a gun,
put it in a box of flowers,
the essence of the romantic gesture.
He could have put a switch on it.
Instead he rigs it to a remote.
Her life was in his hands.
Did your guys search the park
opposite her apartment?
- No. We didn't know where he was.
- Wanna bet he was there?
That's why he went to all that trouble.
He wanted to watch her die.
You can see into her apartment from here.
Throat lozenge packages here.
Maybe our boy's got a cold.
It was pretty freezing last night.
He had to find her address, find this
viewing spot, make a bomb, deliver it.
And while he was standing here...
- Moves his thumb, kills her.
- This guy's nothing like Krieger.
- He went to incredible lengths.
- Two different MOs and motives.
Number two guy seems to be a planner,
Krieger jumps in at the last minute.
Went along just for the ride.
Counsel Alden. Counsel Sorenson.
Or should I call you Mr Motion?
It's the last I'll burden you with.
After last night's events,
you want to quash the indictment?
Without the key witness,
they can't prove their case.
Counsel Alden?
We have DNA, witnesses who place
the defendant in the area at the time.
Semen without a witness to alleged force,
does not prove rape,
only indicates a sex act.
We'd like to amend the indictment
under People v Geraci
to include Logan's diary and statements.
Geraci requires the People to show
that a defendant's misconduct
rendered a witness unavailable.
- It's a prima facie case.
- I'll need more.
- Who benefited from her death?
- Maybe he did,
but so did the other suspect
and he's on the outside.
I should moot the indictment,
but I'll give the People seven days
to link the bombing to the defendant.
If so, Logan's statements can be admitted.
- The People appreciate it.
- I want to note that my client is being held
under a de facto nul indictment,
which in an appeal could seem biased.
- Are you challenging my impartiality?
- We are now doubly burdened
with a rape defence
and a Geraci on the bombing.
I request bail, so my client
may prepare a defence.
Fine. Bail is set at $50,000. Happy now?
No! We're unhappy, Your Honour.
No victim, no rape? Why not declare
open season on all women?
- Who are you?
- Detective John Munch, SVU.
- You are seriously out of line.
- Whose pocket are you in anyway?
- What did you say?
- I said, whose pocket are you in?
I'm fining you $500 for contempt of court.
Make it a thousand. Better than
contempt for common sense.
$1,000. Say another word
and I'll put you in the lockup!
John, don't. Let's go.
If this gets out,
every rapist will kill his victim.
We'll make him. Krieger's cousin
just paged me. We're not dead yet.
I saw the news and it reminded me
of a guy Mark knew. Named Tommy.
Why didn't you tell us before?
How to put this?
We did a little business together.
He sold you drugs?
We don't give a rat's ass.
- Is he still dealing?
- No. He got out.
He said he'd be a made man. They gave
him a gas station to run in Jersey.
- Big promotion. Where in Jersey?
- I don't know.
You got a last name
for this gas-pumping wise guy?
Something Irish.
There are two million Irish
in New York, PK.
Good luck. Hey, um, if he's the guy,
do I get the reward?
Buy yourself a blunt.
McCormick, McConaugh, Milligan...
Flaherty, Gleeson, Kilpatrick,
all late of Rikers Island.
18 Tommys 'Something Irish' in the lockup
- when Krieger was booked.
- These people saved civilisation.
He was drinking with Krieger
the night Krieger stiffed me?
- Night he raped the woman?
- Here's Krieger.
Maybe if you see 'em side by side,
it'll jog your memory.
That's it. Young, half-grey hair.
- He's the one.
- Tommy McConaugh.
Thanks.
Hey! Hey!
I can't get gas! The pump don't work!
I gotta go to work!
- What?
- The pump's locked! I gotta go to work.
- Wait a second.
- Come on, man.
Put your hands on your head
where we can see 'em!
You sold weed to an undercover cop
about a month ago.
- That was a total setup.
- I don't care about that.
- They kept you in Rikers for a week.
- Yeah.
That's where Krieger told you
not to mention that night in January?
- The night you partied at Shad's.
- He told you?
Now, why do you think
he doesn't want you to talk?
Huh? Cos he's pinning it all on you.
Now, he's walking,
and you're looking at ten years.
- That is not how it went down, man.
- That is the way it's goin' down
until I hear your side of the story!
Now's your chance. Talk to me.
All right. We were a little high, right?
We were walking around
and we come to this pool.
It's closed for the season, you know?
- I know.
- Krieger says he can pick the lock.
So I dare him. He does.
We go in and it's really quiet and peaceful.
Kinda weird in the middle of winter.
Krieger says something like,
- 'This'd be the perfect place.'
- What's that mean?
That's what I say.
And he says, 'To do a bitch.
'You know, to get some
without the dining and the wining.'
I'm like, 'He must be joking, right?'
But he's not.
- You saw him attack her?
- Yeah.
She's walking by, he just pops her one.
- You saw him rape her?
- Well, I tried not to watch.
What? Are you playing me now?
Are you too modest, is that it?
No, it's just... He's a freak!
You're Irish.
You were raised... to respect women.
Yeah.
Your mother teach you that?
- Yeah.
- Your mother...
Sounds like a good woman.
Be a good son. Give it up.
OK. I saw him do it.
- 'He ripped off her pants.'
- Sorry, Krieger, bail is revoked.
'He threw her down on the ground.
She was whimpering.'
Let's go.
He was there not five minutes ago.
Stop! Police! Freeze!
Krieger, stop! Stop where you are now!
- Let's go!
- Why didn't he stop?
- Let's go.
- Call Cragen.
I'll call him! Come on!
Soup can. Same crappy workmanship,
save flavour soup.
- Was the bomb Krieger's?
- Maybe it an accident.
Not unless he had a death wish
or was stupid.
Why do you say that?
Package that went off took off his package.
Ouch.
- The remote, a garage-door opener?
- Yeah. Click-boom.
- The bomber, how close?
- Within 50 feet. Maybe a rooftop.
- Are you canvassing the area?
- Yeah. So far zippo.
- Hey, you OK?
- I'm not going.
- Stay for observation.
- My partner can do that.
- Who's going to watch me?
- I am.
- You are?
- I'm a lot to watch.
- Yeah, you are.
Do me a favour,
take a couple of days for me?
- Fine. For you.
- Keep an eye on her. Take care.
Thanks. They're interviewing everyone
on the scene or who lives near.
- Nothing unusual.
- This isn't Beirut. A bombing is not usual.
We've ruled out political or financial angles?
I'm thinking John Hinkley Jr.
Guy thinks he's got a relationship
with a woman on TV.
She's smart, funny.
He thinks she understands him.
- Dream girl.
- He thinks she shouldn't talk about rape.
Because of his twisted, puritanical mores?
Maybe it's not even religious,
maybe it's just selfish.
But where's the escalation?
The warning signs?
If she'd been threatened,
she would've told us.
She didn't have to know him,
for him to know her.
She got hundreds of cards and letters
when her rape survivor journal aired.
Let's look at those.
Listen, where are you with McConaugh?
He rolled on Krieger,
but confessed to nothing himself.
No witness, no rape.
No Krieger, no case against McConaugh.
It's either a confession or he walks.
- He doesn't know Krieger went boom.
- Right. That's good, good.
Been a while since I tried
the disappointed father figure.
Nap time's over, Tommy. Sit up straight.
Tell me about the night
Sarah Logan was raped.
- I told the other guy.
- No, you lied to him.
But you don't wanna lie to me.
You leave the bar together
and break into the pool -
what happened next?
- It was Krieger's fault.
- Did I ask you whose fault it was?
No! I want you to tell me
what happened next.
OK? All right? Just take it easy.
All right? Close your eyes.
Close your eyes, Tommy. Come on.
Attaboy. I want you to picture it.
Then I want you to tell me what happened.
OK. Krieger did her first while I held her.
Then she says, 'Please don't hurt me.'
Krieger wants to hit her.
I say, 'You better not.'
- So you wanted to protect her?
- Yeah.
I even used a rubber when it came
to my turn. But she doesn't stop crying.
I'm, like, 'I put the rubber on,
why are you still crying?'
'Sarah, may time heal your suffering.
The Sisters of St Joseph's.'
Rape victims, families of victims.
Different ages, races,
- all with the same denominator.
- With one exception.
Where's the guy making bombs
while writing his insipid missives?
- They can test for that.
- Insipid writing?
No, powder residue.
This is it.
- Sort of sulphury.
- Nothing smells like black powder.
'I'm not clowning around,
Please don't make me frown
'Be mine, my sweet Valentine If it isn't you
I don't know what I'll do.'
Course, it isn't signed.
He did us one better.
Bingo.
No match in the NYPD or FBI
fingerprint databases,
- nor in the sex offender database.
- Parolees?
No. Nothing in the bomb squad watch list.
This guy had access to explosives.
Have you tried fire and police employees?
No. Hopefully the psych evaluation
weeds out extremists.
Well, let's look at the weeds.
Name is William Lexner.
Graduated Queens College 1984.
Rejected from the Fire Department
six times. Last time in '99.
'His high scores are eclipsed by narcissism,
'disregard for teamwork,
hostility toward unnamed 'enemies'
'whom he believes prevent him
from being hired.
- 'Application denied.'
- Narcissistic, paranoid,
fascinated with fire - we've hit the trifecta.
See if we can pick him up without incident.
Take the bomb squad along with
because this could get ugly.
Come on, partner, let's go.
This way. Let's go. Let's go.
That's all three floors? You want suits?
- I'm wearing one.
- Smart man.
Bomb suits only make you
a better-looking corpse anyway.
Comforting. We all set?
Let's do it.
- Who's there?
- Certified cheque for Mr Lexner.
A cheque? Who sent me a cheque?
Sir, all I know is, it's for $419
and I need a signature.
Sir, you can get it from me now
or get it re-delivered in six to eight weeks.
OK. Have a nice day.
- How you doing?
- What cheque?
Police! Down!
- Get down! Dammit! Get down!
- John... John! We got him.
- The bomb squad swept his apartment.
- And?
Found powder residue on his clothes.
- But?
- We can't make the case on forensics.
We need a confession, John.
The guy loves this.
I hate it.
- Will?
- Don't see anyone else here.
- Detective John Munch.
- You're the one who handled Sarah's case.
- I was.
- You want to get to know me.
- Yes.
- Why?
You're interesting.
Most sex offenders are all the same.
You don't get
the Nietzschean Superman every day.
Sex crimes. Rape's the worst crime
that there is. Do you know why?
Tell me.
Let's look at twin sisters.
Both beautiful, both smart,
and a man is going
to ask one out on a date.
The only difference is,
one of them was raped.
- So who will the man ask out?
- I don't think it matters.
Oh, but it does.
Once you know, you know.
It doesn't matter if you care.
Really?
You looked at Sarah differently
after the rape?
She never smiled the same.
The rape. The assault. I saw it in her face.
- Saw what?
- You don't think she changed, after?
I'm sure she did,
but not the way you mean.
She grew, used her misfortune
to help other women.
- She was the perfect woman.
- A good woman who did good deeds.
- Mitzvahs.
- What was she like?
- Why are you asking me?
She mentioned you twice.
Once on April 15th and again on April 19th.
- You have a good memory.
- What was she like?
Behind the camera.
You two seemed to click.
Like you could've been something together.
What about you?
- Me and Sarah?
- Yeah.
- You bought her flowers.
- We're both romantics.
- Scratch the surface of a cynic...
- You wanted to be together?
- Yes.
- You knew what she liked?
I wanted her to be happy. Again.
Like before.
You picked out the flowers yourself?
Down in Chinatown. White roses.
She would've wanted that.
And the box had a gold band.
She would've wanted that, too.
- I left it out in front of her building.
- But you didn't leave?
No. I wanted to see her smile.
That moment,
when they open the florist's box...
It's magic.
Where were you when you set it off?
The park.
I watched the five o'clock news
on a portable television.
I watched her come home and turn on
the lights like she always does,
take the box up into her apartment.
And then I waited for her smile.
Did she?
For a moment, yes.
First time all night.
She didn't... seem happy
when she signed off.
'I'm Sarah Logan. Good night.'
Do you know
what I'd always say back to her?
'Good night, Sarah.'
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org